Attached are some examples of drawings we produce using different software.

Revit:

    Drawing: 236-020-STR-001-D is a General Arrangement drawing of a Silo, Silo support structure and platforms. 

Advance Steel:

    A-C1-01_0 it is a Welded Assembly drawing of a support column. It’s an assembly because it has welded parts to it. Shows all welding details
    S-M1030-01_0 is a single part drawing, showing the detail of the same column shown in Assembly A-C1-01 but just the detail fo that main column without the welded parts
    S-F1399-01_0 is a single drawing of the detail of cleat plate. However, it has a problem. In this drawing the software missed to put the centre lines in the holes and did not put the diameter, of the holes or how many holes. 

Inventor:

    236-020-WAS-120_1 shows a general welded assembly drawing of a Silo Ring Beam, including all weld details and dimensions to each of the parts that are going to be welded. 

Also, from sheet 5 onwards you will find that it has all the single drawings of the parts that make this assembly with all relevant dimensions, holes details, etc.

    236-020-SAS-120_0 shows a bolted assembly of a hatch. This type of drawing is joining together 3 welded assemblies. So, it just shows how this welded assemblies are going to be bolted together. 

General differences in between software:

    Title block, the titles blocks for the drawings differ from each other depending on the software we use.
    Type of drawing:
        Revit will show general arrangements drawings, footing details, sections from platforms,  general details of connections. It will join different big assemblies into 1 general arrangement drawing. It is easier to use for this purpose.
        Revit generally we will not show single parts details. AS inventor and Advance Steel will.
        Revit will have a general BOM (Build of materials), the others will have a specific BOM on the drawing and balloons indicating each part.

Priority one will be that the software you are designing goes through the drawings, checking what our checklist attached is checking for.

Priority two will be checking the tittle block of each software, for spelling mistakes and missing information.